v24.2.0_cycle24 release changelog (#231)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1/cloud/changelog.mdx

tags: [changelog]
---

### v24.2.0_cycle24 — 25 September 2024

- Feature: Azure service principal credentials
- Feature: Data Studios: Add direct Data Explorer browse link to mounted data items

> - Feature: Data Studios: Make StudioDetailsPage tabs routable

Reviewer: One word for StudioDetailsPage?

> - Feature: Data Studios: Make StudioDetailsPage tabs routable

Author: ```suggestion
- Feature: Data Studios: Make studio details page tabs routable
```

> - Feature: define cache configuration once, only override changes

Author: ```suggestion
- Feature: Define cache configuration once, only override changes
```

- Improvement: Data Explorer: Highlight invalid custom datalinks
- Improvement: Disable AWS and Google Batch spot instance auto retry

> - Improvement: Data explorer: Remove folder validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Data Explorer: Remove folder validation
```

- Improvement: Update 204 pipeline schema response description
- Improvement: Patch workflow revision
- Improvement: Render Parameters UI correctly with new schemas based on 2020-12 draft
- Improvement: Upgrade to Angular 16
- Improvement: Pipeline launch form: Delegate form creation to a form builder service
- Fix: Connection to Redis SSL server

> - Fix: pairingId declaration in API schema

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix: `pairingId` declaration in API schema
```

- Fix: Copying empty list for cloud data links
- Fix: Visual glitches in launch form
- Fix: Datalink status always null

> - Fix: Update lastUsed on compute environment when creating a data studio job

Reviewer: One word lastUsed?

> - Fix: Update lastUsed on compute environment when creating a data studio job

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix: Update last used field in compute environment when creating a data studio job
```

tags: [changelog]
---

### v24.2.0_cycle24 25 September 2024

- Feature: Azure service principal credentials
- Feature: Data Studios: Add direct Data Explorer browse link to mounted data items
- Feature: Data Studios: Make StudioDetailsPage tabs routable
- Feature: define cache configuration once, only override changes
- Improvement: Data Explorer: Highlight invalid custom datalinks
- Improvement: Disable AWS and Google Batch spot instance auto retry
- Improvement: Data explorer: Remove folder validation
- Improvement: Update 204 pipeline schema response description
- Improvement: Patch workflow revision
- Improvement: Render Parameters UI correctly with new schemas based on 2020-12 draft
- Improvement: Upgrade to Angular 16
- Improvement: Pipeline launch form: Delegate form creation to a form builder service

> - Improvement: Add Posthog integration

Reviewer 2: @drewdipalma any additional comment on posthog wording before we go live with the docs?

Author: Per Drew, removing the Posthog line.

> - Improvement: Add Posthog integration

Author: ```suggestion
```
